[Markdown] Replace custom css styles and native html with OUI. (#4390)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards: CHANGELOG.md

- Migrate from legacy elasticsearch client to opensearch-js client in `osd-opensearch-archiver` package([#4142](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/4142))
- Replace the use of `bluebird` in `saved_objects` plugin ([#4026](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/4026))
- Relocate tutorials imagery into `src/plugins/home/public/assets/tutorials/logos` ([#4382](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/4382))

> - [Markdown] Replace custom css styles and native html with OUI ([#4390](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/4390))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Markdown] Replace custom CSS styles and HTML markup with OUI components ([#4390](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/4390))
```
